good afternoon and these are our daily
updates so they're gonna be bit briefer
we think more time for questions on that
and so since yesterday we continue to
work at a number things at our command
table issues they come forward ongoing
things around laboratory testing
capacity issues around that we continue
to look at ongoing reports of other
supply issues something's moving
something's moving slower but always
progressing in a positive direction we
continue to look at a number of aspects
related to the declaration and roles of
essential staff and other sites that are
maybe not specific and how to clarify
some of those we continue to deal with
some of those aspects and at the same
time we continue to get monitoring from
the global perspective from the United
States working again with our FPT
federal provincial territorial partners
from our special advisory committee and
of course talking to our local mo h's at
the local health units on how things are
going there and updates on the processes
working with our command table on
assessment sites hospitals other centers
and long-term care and retirement homes
and all those aspects there so there's
many things moving as we continue to
ramp up and deal with it
so from the numbers standpoint in that
so now we're pins of your target we
started with the school closures last
Friday Thursday Friday of course a lot
of the restrictions came in on Monday so
where are we one day you need to say
from one day it's a five or six and the
other that's day three and that and I
think that's important to note as we
track along so I trying to give a sense
of how we're doing yesterday you're
asking that we had just nine more cases
added that was at that time in the
morning
so dr. Yaffe is going to give you an
update of some of those numbers as they
are today and you were gave some more
numbers or updated the evening report
for you so we're trying to move it from
there so over to you dr. Yaffe for the
Ontario numbers
thank you so as of this morning we now
have a total of 212 cases confirmed
cases in Ontario still the five resolved
and as you know the one person who's
deceased we have over 10,000 negatives
and over 3,000 that are under
investigation so the number that are
going to the lab are going up is going
up quite quite quickly the good news is
the lab capacity is going up we have the
public health Ontario lab itself has
increased its capacity to test per day
and we have a number of hospital labs
coming on that will eventually increase
our capacity to 5,000 tests a day so
most the vast majority of our cases
still are related to travel outside of
Canada or contact with a case a very
small number where there hasn't been a
connection made with those and of course
the health units continue to do their
investigation so and we're working very
hard I have to say to figure out the
best way to present the data considering
that the numbers are going up quickly
and the situation is rapidly evolving
and of course seeing the international
numbers and right now we're mostly
watching to see what's happening south
of the border and their cases are 6330 -
as of this morning and 107 deaths so
those numbers are are changing
considerably each day and it's
interesting also to see that the
European total or the countries outside
of China equal China at this stage with
cases in that so the other ones are
working their way through with
especially the numbers are concerned in
Italy and the ongoing ones in other
countries in the EU as you heard some
messaging we're waiting to get some
definitive messaging on any changes in
border from the federal government in
there and get that Definity from our
chief Public Health Officer I haven't
received them as at the time
conference in that regard I know he had
questions on that yesterday and right
now we had left it with some Canadians
and Americans but we hear there might be
some updates and but I said I'm
officially waiting for updates from our
federal counterparts on that matter in
that so I think we get a sense or my
sense is that Ontarians have taken this
seriously
many are limiting activities there's
always some who do something different a
little bit but I think for the most part
I walked around and seeing the streets
because I have to get down to the
command center and I think people are
listening and taking care and I want to
encourage them to keep at that as they
were in day three of you may of the
total and from from the parents with the
children at home it's obviously seem
like a more in the long weekend and
they're trying to deal with those issues
in there and I really am encouraged by
all the different groups both volunteers
and companies and media that are come in
with ideas to help people I guess try
and make social isolation sociable and
liveable on that and because it is a
change for a lot of people it's not easy
and some face more difficulties than
others especially we're dealing with
limitations on certain facilities and
we're trying to understand work with
that as best we can and to maintain the
the controls we have in place the social
distancing as we wait for we hear
large numbers of Canadians returning
especially for himself at the border and
we hope to enter them into the
monitoring and isolation process and
keep them advised continue using our
self-assessment tool and our assessment
centers are the numbers of assessment
centers have been expanding and continue
to do so and we're having consultations
also with our partners in federal
government in that and with indigenous
and First Nation communities on how we
might strategize to deal with their
unique issues if and when they might
occur on a proactive basis so that's
been important as well in that so I
think there's many things happening and
planning and preparation in that and as
we said jazz of yesterday we still had
that one unfortunate death
and we're continue to monitor see if
there's any other ones of issue are
trying to get some databases clear on
can we have updates of how many are
hospitalized accurately and other kind
of information that so we keep trying to
look at our data report and how we can
make sure we're doing it in a timely
fashion that's informative to you in the
media and to the public at large on how
is the whole thing going so we're
working on that at this time so with
that looking for questions I think is
there a time limit yes go ahead
I just you mentioned the testing and
that we would shortly get to 5,000 tests
a day can you you say when that might be
will it be a week will it be two weeks
and how many tests are being done a day
currently you know I can't actually say
exactly when we'll be up to 5,000
hopefully soon I don't know the exact
date I think we're doing just under a
thousand right now a day and this this
five resolved cases it stayed at five
for quite some time now I think two
weeks what does that tell you and is
that concerning well actually we've been
working with public health Ontario and
looking at the literature as we learn
more and more about this new infection
in terms of when is a person no longer
infectious to others and looking at
criteria that hopefully will not require
lab testing because right now we very
strict criteria they have to have two
negatives specimens at least 24 hours
apart and we're looking at changing two
criteria so that I'm sure a vast
majority of our cases have recovered we
just haven't they haven't met the
criteria so we're looking at changing
that yesterday you say people who don't
have symptoms shouldn't get tested
but unless anything's changed you know
the people can still be positive but not
have symptoms and they can still be
infectious
sure isn't it just best to cover all
bases and test everybody or is this just
like an infrastructure that you don't
have enough to do that we keep asking
our experts at public health Ontario and
are also with public health agency of
Canada and the stance is still if there
are some people that are asymptomatic if
they are shed and it's not much at all
and so therefore they don't seem to be
of concern for infectious rates at this
time at least the science indicates that
we continue to be advised by those
experts as they continue to the research
right now if you were more concerned
when you develop symptoms then you've
obviously had general system impact by
the virus and you're probably
replicating quite a bit and you're
reproducing more and potentially
secreting a lot more so I think we'll
continue to be directed by our Ontario
and national and international experts
if there's any change in that
significantly I know there's many people
have some reports they think so but one
of the challenges they have there when
they think they found someone
asymptomatic is that you're looking at
bits and pieces of RNA in their nasal
pharyngeal tract it may be vibrant or
may not one or two because a very sense
of tests does that mean they're highly
infectious or you just happen to find it
and this may seem like wordsmithing but
that's what the science gets down to and
their interpretation and we have to wait
for the experts to come back and say is
there been any change in that right now
to test everybody just because they want
to get tested we don't have that
capacity we want to make sure that we
have the capacity to test those who
really do need testing and to do it in a
timely fashion because especially for
some in some clinical edie and inpatient
side they need to know fairly quickly
there's some other unique situations
that we do need to know because it
affects your public health response or
in the previous case the clinical
response so some have a need to need
more than others and they need to have
it not held up because there is
processing time they need to be
expedited through the process because it
has further impacts
dr. Williams actually I'm not sure if
it's for you or for dr. Jaffe but in
regards to I'm social distancing at
workplace is given at some of the
recommendations you've issued as well as
the emergency orders from the premier
and from cabinet our employers in
workplace is required to bring in some
sort of social distancing within their
workplaces if for instance they have
more than 25 50 people in a in a space
and what do you say to employees who
might be afraid to speak up about that
side of the situation
well we've asked and I know the
Primera's very pause about that
retailers and company and owners would
only want what's best for their staff
I think we're asked them to work with
that I found a number of employers have
already taken steps to do so try to work
from home school or virtual methods
distances you can do it will they be
ones that may not adhere to that there
could be and I guess we'll have to
understand how we might be appraised of
that or be aware of that and make some
suggestions we haven't gone to any
further extension to actual workplaces
per se it doesn't mean that the premier
with the order and the cabinet could not
go there if they felt as need to they
didn't go there yet but I guess they'll
have to be informed by feedback and a
situation that the government is
appraised of our employers who do not
provide social distancing at work are
they actually violating was not in the
order right now that the workplaces per
se were not in the order in that but as
the premier said and as the minister
said they can amend those and add more
on as they see the need to yes I think
it's free talking a through probably
about ten I've heard some concern from
family doctors in particular that they
simply do not know what they are
supposed to do with a patient who
presents to them with the symptoms
Kove in nineteen there it's unclear how
they get them referred for testing in
terms of the messaging that's being it
seems to be very inconsistent messaging
coming either from the health ministry
or the Ontario Medical Association or
their College Physicians and Surgeons
what should a family not for do in this
in that situation well that's not good
to hear actually I think the we have
been working very closely with the
Ontario Medical Association and I know
they have sent out many communications
to physicians and of course if the
physician is unsure they should be
contacting the OMA they can contact us
but I think the OMA would be able to
give them more of a clinical answer I
mean my husband's a family doctor and
certainly doesn't ask me for advice but
anyway you know I think that the bottom
line is that we want them to see less
patients they can do it more virtually
and if they're concerned the patient can
also do the self assessment tool online
but if they're concerned they can send
the patient to an assessment center and
I think that information is available to
them so hopefully they're not seeing it
money patients with a question of code
that they should be sending them a thing
about sending them to the Assessment
Center is seems to be the crux of the
concern that I'm hearing is that it's
unclear how you refer someone to
investment center is are you supposed to
phone the Assessment Center give them a
referral when how does a person get seen
at an Assessment Center well I'm
assuming the patient can call themselves
the doctor can call but you know we will
look into that I don't know this health
yeah you can go through and tell how
we're trying to look at we're staffing
up considerably with another 140 odd
nurses added to it so we're trying to
improve that we're trying to improve the
overall flow of that information so that
we'd like to use a self-assessment tool
first in that and that gives you advice
where to call is there loads an each
section that's slowing down is there is
is that acceptable no it isn't how do we
fix that and resolve that we need to do
that we're working at that as quickly as
we can because the people shouldn't be
left especially it was just returning
what am I supposed to do what advice and
that and the physicians of course if
they're not tied into the system they're
asking whether and what am I supposed to
recommend as you've alluded to we're
trying to work with you all May on that
one there so the flow of requests like
we said the self-assessment two went out
Sunday evening by midnight had ninety
four thousand hits
so the demand and request for
information is extensive overwhelming so
we have to keep trying to meet that and
because if they're not informed and they
won't be making the right decisions so
we're trying to look at all the system
improvements throughout to make it more
efficient effective and I would say
timely for people to contact so the time
delays right now in our minds and in
minds of telehealth noise is not
acceptable so we have to rapidly look at
trying to improve that and things for
colleagues yeah I just want to follow up
one thing here is if I feel like I have
to send somebody out there listening
watching has feels they have the
symptoms what do they do in terms of
getting to a self assessment center do
they just show up
do they have to see their family doctor
do they need some sort of well first
they should try if they can't get out of
this try to implement the
self-assessment tool which is on our
website which will help them direct what
to do and if it says call telehealth it
should call telehealth Asia they really
shouldn't call their own doctor and they
can call the Assessment Center and say
I'm coming I think the assessment
centers strongly prefer somebody makes
an appointment because they don't want
people lining up that's not a good
situation all right I had kind of a
tough question relates to some a lot of
emails I'm getting from readers
what do you do if if you've got someone
in your house who's come back from
foreign travel and it's asymptomatic and
a self isolating do you have to self
isolate too and then a quick follow okay
so we've got different scenarios so a
person who's traveled and during
symptomatic they've known they have to
limit their social activities that
isolate not go out except you know if
they had to go out and grab something
they could by supposed to stay in the
house and or out and around then go for
a walk if you're living with them where
do you have to self ice lake to know you
don't because you're you're not
connected now you need to monitor now if
that if your partner whoever's in the
house you're with develop symptoms then
they do they do the self assessment tool
so they then become potentially a person
under investigation because they have a
travel history or it could be a
personality case contact they know and
they develop symptoms then are they
going to be tested or they get tested
yes or no a case that to go through the
process while they're going on I have to
assume that person could be a potential
case that affects me that I have to do
then some more further monitor myself
because I could be a contact that case I
still can do my normal activities I'm
not really attached yet to a case but I
have to go on the pretense that they
could be a case and I'd rather say after
24 hours when I got the test wheeled
back during that time I did not go out I
didn't do this this this so I did what I
was supposed to do because I'm now
connected to a case I'm like my partner
was in that sense we're doing a
comparison because they had a travel
history now I have a case contact
history and I have a new status that's
at Sage just a quick follow-up to that
is what is the recommended for treatment
who think they're positive but have not
been tested I'm assuming treat yourself
as if for the flu and if you have
trouble breathing then that's when you
need to get to the ER is there anything
more well I mean bill is that a good
medicine because there's some debate out
there where at
good could have some side-effects or
some troubles well I mean it's
symptomatic relief right it's just like
if you have the flu or something so if
you're coughing it takes something for
your cough if you have a fever you take
something to reduce your fever you know
keep up your fluids get some rest you
know eat healthy all the things you're
supposed to do normally but if you're
starting to feel it trouble breathing
that that's quite serious or high fever
that's not going down with medication or
you're just feeling really sick and weak
you should you know either try the
online assessment tool or at that point
call your doctor or the telehealth I've
heard the report about the end Sitz
versus tylenol I've asked some people
are what's your view of that it's just
one article someone wrote on what's the
foundation of it so anything that's out
there we try to look into and see if
there's some merit to it this question
we're getting contacted by nurses it's
contact several times
ambulances pick people up they're
wearing full PPE or the full gown and
then they're coming to the emergency
room and they're wheeling the patient
into the emergency room wearing
everything the nurse that receives out
the staff that receive it don't even
wear a mask is that correct is that
protocol should that change and it may
be protocol but you can tear that you
can see the fear factor there so the the
protocol why the analyst drivers do it
if they go out and pick up someone who's
had supposedly but they don't know what
they had and it may be they've heard in
the report in there having a respiratory
issue so they have to assume they don't
know what the cause is
it could be airborne as in measles or
tuberculosis or things like that so
that's part of their protocol because
you have to assume the worst situation
if they feel an assess that they're
bringing in a person with unknown
respiratory infections case coming in
they have to call ahead of the hospital
they should receive that patient
accordingly with proper PPE for the
staff so that's part of the notification
if they think they're bringing in a
potential respiratory case especially
they think it might be Colvin or some
other respiratory infection then because
the hospital staff also can't be sure
what it is until testing is done those
staff receiving that patient or gonna
have that have to wear proper protection
similar and until they know once they
know it's covered then they can say well
the direction is it's droplet spread
then under the direction and given out
it would take certain steps at that time
until you know you have to assume that
you don't know and you have to take
proper precautions and make sure that
person goes into an isolation type set
up and the staff going to see that
person until the assessments done are
properly protected if not from several
nurses receiving a patient after the
the ambulance the EMS is wearing proper
PPE they shouldn't be taking in patients
whether you've been a master we have to
make sure the institution each one
except the protocol is properly and
they're following it those are standard
iPAQ principles Antonella then we have
to go to the phone lines I'm sorry are
there any exclusions to the
self-quarantine rule after traveling for
frontline workers paramedics anybody
long-term care staff anybody right now
we're reviewing that matter and the
various institutions are looking for
communications out from my office to
give directions on that matter
it'll be forthcoming ok this is why the
supply shortage I mean how equipped is a
terrace health care system to deal with
this because we know it's only sometimes
you're going to get worse with more
cases coming forward so how equipped is
the province for this okay so that's the
command table and with Ontario health
and with the reason was so how is each
region doing what's the status limiter
because each one is equipped differently
and so you're asking a variety of
different institutions are they equipped
to respond to a variety of different
things in a variety of different ways so
the each one has to do their own
assessment their own operation procedure
we call it coop plans continuity of
operations what are you going to do in
Scenario they B or C are you prepared
and then how we're gonna prepare the
system for that how we're going to
reallocate as the minister talked about
are we gonna look at some different
sites and locations this is all first a
institutional response then you look at
a regional response and then you look at
a system response so the answer is all
the above are important but H is as good
as the strengths of each small part
everyone has to do their part of Nonis
assessing their current status and what
are you gonna do in in a and B and see
if things progress and how's the region
going to respond and then how prevents
liver donors we have to get to the phone
lines
no just remember not to put your phone
on speaker one question one follow-up
next question is from Maura Warburton at
Reuters
hi so my question is is the testing
holdup syllabus vlogs or is about
something else
I'm sorry it's gonna answer dairy my
phone the setting yep
can you ask the question again please oh
sure can you hear me is the holdup about
swabs or is it about something else if I
understand the question is the testing
capacity about is that what you're
asking I think some hold up I heard
something sorry is the testing hold up
about swab about worried about something
else the testing well we the number of
tests pending is one of there's a load
issue and processing that's one aspect
the other aspect is the time we're
trying to open up our satellite centers
to take that load on and the other one
is we got to make sure all the different
components you've got your equipment at
your sites you got your reagents and
you've got your staffing demand those as
well as the swabs and we working with
our federal counterparts we understand
there's some potential large orders
coming in and they're doing distribution
but we're going to be informed on that
so we have been in dialogue because each
one of those is important parts of the
system performance in the labs okay very
quick follow-up please and do you have a
sense of when that capacity will be at
full volume the five thousand a day we
keep asking our Public Health lab people
on that knowings we get one part done
you have to get all the components so
when we have all the swabs we need all
the reagent we need and all the
equipment and other sites up will be at
that five thousand and there's a number
of moving parts there so I can't tell
exactly when that'll be
they had anticipated in two to three
weeks back a week or so ago so I'm still
interesting we moved up increased some
volume and we'll keep increasing that up
on there so there's a lot of moving
parts there but that's our that's we're
heading towards question is from Jeff
great at The Globe and Mail the Minister
of Health this issue of health care
workers who if they weren't healthcare
workers should have been self isolating
after they came back from travel
told not to you said you're working on
some new guidance about that and will it
involve some sort of tracking of where
this process took place to see if
there's any any problems that results on
it okay just the last part was the
tracking of well will you trap will you
be able to track where which hospital
did allow people to come back oh well
that's the thing we find different
hospitals have done different things so
there's a sense from the command table
we need to put out a communication doubt
ask everybody to follow the same
processes so that's we're hoping to put
together and send out so there isn't
this variation from site to site and
it's much more consistent so we're
trying to remedy that problem that's our
current stance and we're going to work
there a command table to say how that's
going to be affected because there's
different issues involved in HHR at the
hospitals we want to understand that so
again that's part of our communication
on a go-forward basis
next question from AB City News hi there
I'm wondering so recently a group of
health care professionals in Ontario
sent a letter saying or asking
governments for Kovac 19 protection
saying they don't have access to
necessary personal protective equipment
what's your response to that my response
that if they're in one of those centers
and that they should approach the
regional planning tables in that and or
through their organization I'm not sure
if you're talking about actual
institutional people you're talking
about private you're talking about a
clinical group there's a variety groups
out there we would ask that they
approach the regional table to see about
that issue per se if it is a system-wide
thing with a certain group that is a pan
Ontario group that needs a decision
that's something to look forward to our
command table but we've been trying to
work through at our regional tables to
look at those local needs and see how
they can be dealt with
a quick follow-up do we do we know how
many healthcare professionals including
nurses have been tested for the virus
yet how many healthcare workers have
been tested well because the lot of them
have come back as individuals and have
been tested personally in that if they
have we don't usually record their
professional where they're at if they
actually went through a workplace we may
know that so no we don't have that
distinct number at this stage next is
Alistair sharp at national observer I'm
just kind of someone related to that a
parent of a very vulnerable patient had
have told me that home health care that
her son requires she's she asked him to
use masks and they said that directions
were that it wasn't mandatory and quoted
something called equitable and managed
distribution I'd like to know what that
is and whether it is likely to change
too to ensure that the most vulnerable
patients are protected from their nurses
who could potentially be carriers
asymptomatic carriers okay
I think I got the context if I can get
it straight
vulnerable people if they're having I
assume the vulnerable person could be in
a home setting could be in a
institutional setting a retirement home
hospice or somewhere if it's the latter
ones
anyone who's come into there has to pass
a screening test of that without travel
history in the last 14 days contact no
one in known case in 14 days and they're
asymptomatic so therefore they should
not be in if they are a any of the if
there's symptomatic travel or case we've
already answered the question about a
symptomatic transmission and our stance
is still that well from experts we do
not have the evidence that they are
transmitting why they're asymptomatic if
you're talking about someone in a
private home
in that situation there I would ask that
the family we've asked them the the
vulnerable people especially a certain
agent over that they would continue to
stay in their home
I think visiting a family members are
visiting one you would want to make sure
you did your own assessment which is if
you travel last 14 days don't visit use
computer visit to a face time if you
have been in contact with the case don't
visit till 14 days after and you're
asymptomatic or if you're sick don't
visit either and so you're doing your
own assessment for the protection of
your loved one and your family member
and try and use other virtual methods if
it's really vital and you need to get in
there then you're gonna have to have a
unique challenge of how you might do
that in that situation on an
institutional setting that's one thing a
home setting is a different one okay
quick follow-up yeah separately the
Minister of Health has has talked about
a target of getting back the testing
results back to a 24 to 48 hour
turnaround it's currently at four days
given that there's an explosion of
requests for tests and there's at least
a week perhaps to it sounds from your
previous answer before there's gonna be
more supply how do you intend to bring
that down in the next week or so
right that's what we're trying to look
at there is as one of the other members
here asked already is that we want to
make sure we do first priority testing
so that those who need to know urgently
would still get it done in a timely
fashion for example if you have a
patient admitted in the hospital that
you think it is you need that test
result back as quick as possible
even quicker in six hours of you could
but you've got to get the sample in
there if it's a person in an ICU and you
don't know the diagnosis you need to
know that if it's something you're
considering admitting you need to know
that if it's a health care worker that
potentially is a problem has been on the
in some exposure you won't know that as
soon as possible if there's some other
unique ones and we're trying to work on
how that works with our first nation and
communities etc so they because the
unique circumstances should have a
turnaround rapidly the rest we can do
that because if I right now if I came
back traveling from somewhere and I am I
am
some symptoms sort of mild and that I'm
at home I'm coughing a bit and I get it
if I send a sample him I'm told it I
also isolate for 14 days and I'm symptom
free if I get a test result back on its
most isolated for 14 days time symptom
free so whether I know or not right that
day it doesn't change how I'm supposed
to behave but I think from a standpoint
if I got a test I should get informed
sometime what my result is so the
urgency is not as much but the need to
get the results back is still there we
only have time for one more reporter
Laura Gerson at CMA J hi my question is
that many family doctors are telling us
that they and as well as nurses and
people in the community who see patients
do not have the correct protective
equipment don't know how to get it don't
know when they are going to get it and
some patients are going to bypass or
somehow slip through and potentially
endanger both them and their other
patients for instance if they're
treating palliative patients and they
need to get in to see them so what are
you doing to ensure they have the perch
protective equipment okay I think I mean
what we've been trying to say all along
is that during the regular flu season
when there's people coming in to your
practice that you're supposed to ask
them it are they sick and do they have
respiratory symptoms whether it's
influenza or potentially Kovach 19
you're supposed to call ahead and make
that appointment and then you're
supposed to either decide whether going
to see them at that time or wait till
later in the day when the waiting room
is empty and assess if you think that's
combined with travel history and conduct
of a case we're saying I would be better
do you say go to either call the self
assessment tool called telehealth all
these processes we talked before I bring
them into your office practice you put
some pressure on the other patients and
your system and your staff that you
really don't need because you want
there's all those other patients that
still need to be seen and you don't want
to interrupt your practice on that basis
in that so we'd rather you not try to
test them there so it's part of your
pre-screening if they're as you say
other people who choose not
and that's always a challenge anyone of
course you hope your reception staff
pick it up that someone's coming in
they're quite hacking and coughing you
just say you know well you didn't call
it ahead of time put this mask on a
surgical mass and go and sit over in the
far corner or wait outside until we talk
to you later and so they have to be
fairly stringent and firm on that and
the people who didn't follow the due
process we've asked them to do that so
in that sense what kind of PPE do you
need you normally use what you normally
do in your practice there we're not
asking you get involved heavily in doing
covert 19 testing one is that we haven't
got all those kits out there to do we
have our sessemann centers up set up to
do that and so we can handle that that
way if you would need to wear a surgical
mask because you're looking at wound or
a site on a fall but patient you can
have your surgical masks that you can
use three or four or five times because
it's for you or for you to protect the
patient from you not the other way
around so there's ways they can deal
with it
we try to keep looking after those
supply issues whether it's gloves and
masks and depends what kind of your
practices what kind of prices you're
seeing and how you minimize those
exposures we're asking to do a lot more
with our new codes through virtual and
there's a methods to do that building so
you don't have to bring everyone into
the office so as many ways you can do it
to limit that and so we asked you to
talk to the OMA and others on that do
that if you have questions salt with
their respective authorities and we'll
try and give us best advice as soon as
we can in that regard open this is the
last question padding up please the
issue though I think you guys are not
are kind of skirting this issue the
issue is there doesn't seem to be enough
even mask people are running out of
gloves
they don't have personal protective
equipment and the doctors are concerned
about this okay they get it well again
if we may over aware that and feeds food
either through the Ontario Medical
Association or through our regional
offices we can look at that some people
get various reports some find it's easy
to get it some have more difficulty so
it may be an ordering problem there's
different things in there so we it's
varying familiarity areas so we have to
be dealing with that individual and how
they get tagged into one of our supplies
issues thank you that's it thanks
everyone q thank you